the elari for some reason are going to
be tangoing with the AO malas today
we've got adilla going to be playing as
the far Seer here on S Frontier and
Mickey playing as the Demon Hunter with
his lovely
Balter IST and guardian's going to be
lining up against one another here I'd
like to see who wins that firefight
I'm not sure pretty sure Guardians do
more DPS but the I having four models
means probably depends on when the IST
lose their models if they kill one of
the Guardians early the Guardians don't
manage to kill one of these guys for
quite some time I bet the IST could take
it but the Guardians probably win most
of the
time are we're going to see the
fight it's not going to be a fair fight
the I going to open up while the
Guardians are capping yeah now the I are
going to win getting a load of free
shots so it's banshees versus strike
Squad and it looks like the strike Squad
don't proc any specials which is sad
though both of them could proc
specials ooh that was a big special from
the strike Squad there and it swings it
I mean obviously you would kind of
expect the strike Squad to win that
given they cost more than banshees and
the Demon Hunter was weighing in with
Bal fire
there not really worth it for ailla um
I'm not sure why he took that engagement
I don't know you know the F was busy
capping strike Squad do have storm bols
so they kind of punish you for trying to
run away and also you could get caught
them by the rift ter as they pursue but
uh yeah I don't know I don't i' have
just retreated I just accepted it and
retreated out rather than taking the
bleed managed to kill one of the
Banshees there with the storm bolers
before the far SE got into combat yeah
now both these Odo malice units going to
have to get out of there the Demon
Hunter caught out by the Banshees not
where he wants to be so yeah we got
double Banshees for adilla pretty
interesting you would expect to see
Spirit Stones once again though
unfortunately adilla is messing up his
micro up top here he keeps getting his
Guardians caught out byi have given
their lives for our CA man this is a
pitiful melee fight both units do pretty
terrible melee damage
here but again because the Guardians
lost their models and started getting
shot before the combat started the I are
going to win so adilla just needs to pay
a bit more attention there carry forth
the h
but Mickey not really given the
opportunity here to even get out
properly onto the field he can't even
fully reinforce his strike
Squad I mean he needs to go back and and
just do
that cuz two stor bottles I'm afraid is
not going to contribute too much against
these banshees when they've got the
melee resist from being in melee with
the generator perger a choice here
pretty obvious right there an anti-melee
unit good Splash damage at close range
and an ability that can do Spike damage
and a slow to single entities like that
very annoying Faria who rather
interestingly hasn't opted for what you
would typically expect so so there are
two options if you go double banshees
for your Faria normally you go the
fortune armor to make the Faria really
tanky and just overwhelm the enemy with
a load of tanky melee
[__] or you go Spirit Stones because
you get a big AOE heal which can
potentially heal 10 banshees at once
which is lovely in a melee fight but
adill has gone for neither he's actually
gone for the ghost Helm which yeah I'm
curious to see how he intends to use
this I mean the Underman suppression
from afar can grab the strike Squad pin
it down and then you banshees jump on
top of them and R them to pieces you can
use it to control the purgation as well
stop them shooting while you banshees
run in but it does immobilize the Fier
you could also stop the F the purgation
shooting if you just put fortune on the
Fier and run him into melee though I
guess the ability would sort of negate
that it slow her down and do a load of
Spike damage so maybe controlling them
from afar and not taking so much damage
would be better uh I don't think they
managed to to use it there in time
before she got into
melee I don't actually know if they can
use it when she's in melee let's
see I'm just not sure whether that
stopped it or they just decided to
retreat going for the model that she was
slapping doesn't get it
sad so there you go so banshe is going
to get onto the Gen Farm once again
though rotation of this side could have
done with a rift tear a bit earlier here
to slow these guys down before they got
into melee cuz remember once they're in
melee with the generators at that point
they're going to take less damage from
range attacks so this bleed right now is
not very
effective a bit Brave of these banshees
running into melee with the strike Squad
they are tomor of Titan upgraded with
The Balter nearby now obviously we do
have aspect vanes here but yeah they
have got their upgrades with the B
nearby the strike Squad will still win
this so they resist
us banshees we got the speed and they're
cheaper only slightly but they are
cheaper and you can kind of tell the L
there I've got the speed here can't you
we're constantly watching the battle on
the side of the map that Mickey is
in grenade and
Retreat ah Diller doesn't need it oh
[__] yeah ghost helmm that's why he was
waiting around I was wondering why he
wasn't going out of infiltration to
melee that guy cuz he just he knew we
could snipe it guaranteed with a ghost
Helm 100 damage and Retreat
there
for
uh 40 heavy melee damage every second
for 6
seconds does it really do 240
damage that seems like a
lot really the Space Marines press their
attack that's uh
incredible there you go PG moving in
nice AOE damage there holy
[__] wow absolutely rinsed those
banshees
there damn they needed to attack from a
different angle that was not good both
of them getting hit by the incinerator
they got
roasted jeez beautifully played there
with the purgation what a great purchase
man adilla going for an extremely light
tier one but ironically get into tier 2
slower than Mickey here I'm not sure if
he was lit to drop down his gens or
what but Mickey's going to be going tier
two I mean Mickey as well obviously not
going super heavy in tier one here both
these players only getting three units
that is not common in the Contemporary
meta i' say four is the most common and
personally when I play I like five most
of the time there you go Rift beautiful
Rift a oh and a banishment again
banshees charging on mass into the
incinerator the strike Squad guarding
right now at the front tanking whilst
the incinerator can do all that damage
[__] beautifully executed with a rift
a as well Guardians do manage to pick
off one of these strik Squad but they
need to get out of there they're going
to get chopped up gelm again going to
take out this dude at the back I guess
yep and then the far Seer runs away I
guess the ghost Helm you could say has
been worth worth
it played a couple of grey kns and
killed a Demon Hunter that's pretty
good but the AE heal from the Spirit
Stones would mitigate the AOE damage
from the incinerator on your banshees I
have to say I'm not a fan of how adill
is using the Banshees he keeps blobbing
them both together such that the
incinerator can hit both at once whereas
if you hit from one Banshee here one
here then he has to pick a Target and
then the other one gets him meleon dices
them up it' also be harder to Rift te
and and hit both of
them but yeah he's been he's been
falling into that one Sergeant on the
IST matching the battle equipment
upgrade and the Guardians and it is of
course the Rhino coming out right
now go tell him again on this guy oh
very close to killing him not
quite going to reinforce off the rhino
strike Squad a little bit outnumbered
down here
10 banshees versus three grey Knights
they've got to get out of there only two
now no war on the Demon Hunter and it's
going to be spiders for a
Dilla there it is the heavy Bolter
upgrade there on the Rhino transporting
some purgation around we do have the
Banshee xar now note that both these
bansi squads do have the aspect of
strength so that's heavy melee execution
of Spears on their rears but of course
if you play it properly they shouldn't
catch the uh the r back
unless we see a hair wire grenade from
the W spiders and the aspect of the W
spider is the first purches here which
will give them access to the ha wire
grenade and of course we see a nice what
get to facilitate getting them onto the
front lines but again once again look at
this at all the models on these banshees
yet they're only on half HP the Spirit
Stones heals right now would have been
beautiful but not going to get
it not going to get
it banshees Shred the purgation there
now they've got their ex AR and both of
them wi Retreat that was pretty scary
there goes the Haywire both of the
executioners should be able to do
something currently getting path blocked
chop chop chop chop chop chop oh they
get it they get it wow I thought the
path blocking might have screwed them
there I mean it was a last minute thing
but they got it two banshees getting out
on that Squad three banshees on that one
I think it might be time to swap out the
ghost
Helm I don't know I just feel like now
you've got both these
banshees level two level two with full
full upgrades the benefit of having the
Spirit Stones heal would be exponential
because these guys are going to lose
their uh their models a lot later Mickey
is doubling down on the AV here he's
going to go for a
dreadn on the AV on the uh on the
vehicles not really seen too much from
the Demon Hunter yet I mean he's just
been running around Pew peing he has had
a couple of decent Rift TS to be fair
but no other up upgrades on him there
are no Rangers on the field so you could
go for the brain mines which should do
nice AOE damage to these Eldar which
once again would be mitigated by the
Spirit Stones which adilla has not got
you guys must think I have a Spirit
Stones
fetish it does seem like they'd be very
good right now and look at the sheer
damage there opening up with quite a
brutal special attack casting psychic
Fortress there on the inquisitorial
Storm Troopers just to slow down what do
you us these banshees and sure for sure
they didn't wipe that Squad and Retreat
that would have probably been GG I mean
if nothing else Mickey needs these guys
to repair this dread knot that he's got
Inferno Cannon by default on the dreadn
adilla is going to respond with a
guardian weapons team presumably that's
going to be a bright Lance and the
Banshees just snag another generator and
get out of there probably would have
been wise to send one of the Banshees
down south to take these points map
control for adilla is actually kind of
lacking cuz he's blobbing all of his
forces to
fight Jus car now present on the strik
squ good God man the damage of spiders
and remember this is heavy infantry that
gets a nice defensive buff against their
damage these guys just do such Bonkers
damage
scary these I need to be very careful
spiders wakey wakey some victims here
for
you so Inferno Cannon is going to try
and put some pressure on the
gens this is very risky you know he does
have 20% melee resist but we do have
double Hing banshees you could also see
singing spear on the fast here for more
heavy melee where is the spider Squad
they're
here okay yeah dread not needs to
leave guide on the bright Lance little
bit poor execution to be honest yeah
late with that he only gets one more
shot in he should have had that in
straight away he's finally going to the
not claw realizing he can't get the Gem
bash off that he wanted but this is not
good he's lost so much HP grite
librarian coming out but bright Lance is
still in play so really
can't hang around
here okay sanuy is going to save the day
here yeah banshe are going to turn to
the Terminator librarian instead who's
going to retreat
out and the gr out dreadnut lives but
you've only got one repair unit
unfortunately the Demon Hunter can't
repair
so that's a lot of HP that he's going to
need to repair Mickey here so I'm not
sure quite how that's going to go down
for him this is not looking good I have
to be
honest what the spiders doing oh yeah
they're down bottom
capping yeah so we've got a Hellfire
dreadnut here plasma cannon and a
Bolter resist is he going to die oh my
God must have just gone out of range
yikes bang nice hit with the plasma
cannon there Bol is popping a few models
yep after soften in them up first not
sure what the Banshees are doing hanging
around
here I was just going to say lucky to
not lose the Exar and the librarian just
slices her at the last second yeah not
great and another hit with a plasma
cannon could be pretty brutal here it's
kind of a nice Synergy with the sub
Commander he doesn't care too much cuz
he's only a single entity so hitting him
a big AOE blast doesn't do that much
damage compared to a squad which will
get wrecked so you just kind of bait the
Banshees to hit him you're not too
scared if you keep sanctuary in the back
so that they can't chase you on Retreat
you just pop that before you Retreat and
then when the Banshee surround him to
melee you blast him with a plasma cannon
and the Banshees take a lot more damage
than you
do fortunately it doesn't help against
these
spiders who are still proving to be
rather problematic strike squad though
are also proving to be problematic it's
clear that the
ELD oh my God the spiders killed the
[__] Terminator Librarian On retreat
with the Power
blades
yikes oh man oh that's bad for Mickey
Mickey actually has a crazy amount of
resources though what the
hell he's got low upkeep relative to
adilla and he's bleeding a lot less but
both players
could go tier
three Nikki's going to go for a
vindicare assassin bit of a weird Choice
against spiders
us guided spiders will mince this
guy there's no vehicles generally I find
the vindar Assassin is very good AV but
quite mediocre as anti-infantry for cost
ironically and still no Demon Hunter
upgrades
either one Banshee falling and one Grey
Knight strike Squad model falling that's
a good situation for the grey Knights
and the demon Hut are running into melee
as well well I yeah I don't know I feel
like we might want to see some War gear
here on the Demon Hunter I was talking
about brain mines earlier since there
were no Rangers and I think that would
be
effective there is the possibility of
the farer using her far sight Global to
detect those brain mines but to be
honest adilla has been making really
good use of webway gates so that's been
draining a lot of his red and if he uses
the red to use fight a lot to help
counter your mines then it stops him
building webway get so it's probably not
that bad of an idea right it's very
cheap W here I'd get the the brain mines
start throwing them everywhere very low
cool down on it
too I'm quite curious to see what the
vindicare is meant to be doing here
getting the camalon stealth suit having
to run away because mind war is still in
play that'll be pretty scary for sniping
him on Retreat
too odd to go for the self suit prior to
getting the um the improved operations
up upgrade to give him more HP and HP
regen generally that would be a priority
of the passive infiltration when in
cover we'll see I mean he's trying to
bleed ailla he got a very nice exitus
round shot on the banshe Exar there
who's now at risk of being killed wow
she gets out of life she must be so low
on
HP okay grey Knight's doing Grey Knight
things fending off hordes of Zeno
without losing a model pretty beautiful
for them Mickey is going to get tier
three first what's he going to go for in
tier
three what's adilla going to go for
adilla Marines engage us I think you
want a prism even though this [__] on
the field I'm not too bothered if you've
got time field on the F here which I
consider yeah it it's it's got to be the
most overpowered warer in the entire
game has to be what is better than time
field and the F here please tell me a
better War
gear yikes bad Retreat path there for
the Guardians should have fleeted and
gone
upwards bit of a panic Retreat there
thanks to this thing firing in on them
led to their
death but yeah I think with time
field he should be all right with a
prism to counter this or of
timer the grite Terminators will be a
problem but I'm not sure that there's a
great answer to them you can go grab
Blade with C Council you have double
banshees I think that should be
sufficient the fire prism will do
something to them from afar chip away at
them temp could use the fire prism to
bit in the Terminators and then catch
them with the grab blade and chop them
up with double banshees I really really
think he needs the Spirit Stones to
scale these banshees into the late game
psychic Fortress once again controlling
these she you can
see it is very good to use to protect
yourself on Retreat from
vanes that AOE speed debuff that it
gives and also drains energy which is
nice nice against the elar they've got a
lot of
abilities stops these teleporting as
often stops the fleet of foot from the
Banshees drains the spells on the far
Seer another big hit from the dreadn
there but no models lost unfortunately
for Mickey
DEA we going for the hair wire was it
there that was a bit weird the eny
US US yeah
vindica is very interesting to to watch
just as an anti-infantry unit I don't
think it's very
effective did it kill a model there I
don't even know if he
did Anda just [__] Bas raping at this
point it's funny he's been on this gen
constantly but there's still quite a lot
of gens in a lot of power in reserve for
Mickey and he is going for the
Terminators what is adilla going for is
he okay he's going for seers look dude
if you get seers and you don't get the
Spirit Stones I'm going to rage
re like dude come
oness in ble Time Field is yeah obvious
no brainer so [__] good and Time
Field is amazing against Terminators
since they can't Retreat out of it any
unit inside the time field friend or for
other than the farer herself cannot
attack and has a speed debuff including
Vehicles including [__] tanks guys
it's
mental so yeah that is pretty
devastating against Terminators if
they're out of position you can shoot at
them no problem but you can't melee them
with banshees or sear though which is
why honestly I probably have gone fire
prism we are ass
um but I mean seers and double banshees
is going to be able to One V one
Terminators the problem is it's not
going to be a One V one this dreadn
still been a bit of a [__] causing a lot
of bleed and adilla is committing so
deep right now to try and kill this
thing but he's just bleeding like crazy
the IST yeah okay they lose a couple of
models here and there big wow but you've
just Mass routed most of the Eldar Army
and you just got a few hundred damage on
the gry Knight dread which can be easily
repaired by the IST whilst they're
healing base so a bad engagement for
adilla really especially when he doesn't
even have control of the map look at all
these points he needs to cap with the
Banshees Demon Hunter getting caught out
by the seers here though knocked over
can they get away yeah looks like he
will obviously this is the problem he
needs to consolidate all of his melee
together to deal with the Terminators
but at the same time he needs to cap the
Dam map it's hard to do
both and these guys can kind of solo
anyone well they can't solo the seers
but they'll solo any Banshee squad or
any other Squad basically other than the
seers which makes them very awkward when
you the grite is side capping with
them oh Mickey hasn't seen the webw gate
he needs to destroy this so double
banshees are going to come out and slap
him he doesn't have the justic car
either so they will actually get beaten
by one Banshee right
now too late Mickey
run run oh [__] hell he's using
orbital bombardment on the webway gate
that a terrible idea what the hell
Mickey you out of your mind they just
dodge it by getting in the
gate doombringer okay
that's an alternative to the to the grav
blade I think the grav blade would be
more reliable to kill the Terminators
but
uh sure you can Doom them if they take a
bad engagement but as we're seeing adill
is constantly split up I don't know how
he's going to get himself in a spot
where all three of his melee squads are
together to jump these
fools not
sure finally an upgrade for the Demon
Hunter he's got the force
glaive we'll see how that
does I don't think this is a good
engagement yeah the en the uh the alari
already on about half HP by the time
they met the terminators not
ideal they sa
from
yikes where did the spiders go they got
forced off by the vindicare and the
Demon
Hunter weapons team engag sure what the
plan is here ad a Deon can Char and
ready a deanon our
speres increases
I'm not sure about the deanon I don't
really see the point of
that he got no line of sight right
now he got no red either does a
Diller wow look at the HP on these
banshees what are they doing yeah the HP
on everything is really low uh why would
you not go Spirit Stones what that
was oh that's a rift that's not a Time
Field there's a dist Cannon
Singularity but figh green ice so it
doesn't do that much if they were
Guardsman they'd all get gibbed but
these guys are way too
tanky our
I oh I don't know why he has not got
Spirit Stones this is absolutely bizarre
look at the damage coming out of the
storm bolers on these banshees he's
going for the dreadn this adilla you
have Terminators on your ass you do not
have time to kill the dreadnut right now
and the Decon gets wiped by the force GL
Demon Hunter in the back who's now got
the armor of fortitude that'll be nice
to stasis out the Terminators which will
be a very good counter if they get time
fielded psychic
Fortress stalling again pin the C
Council in place so the Terminators can
go
crazy uh-huh
see Council putting up a beautiful fight
here Terminators were kind of messing
around a lot there the enemy is too but
they get him and the super heavy
infantry armor of Terminators troed off
WS by the fire like it's
nothing literally imagine spider
shooting at SP it's like don't do [__]
boy don't do [__] that was a very very
Bal Jump by the spiders I'm going to
call that ambitious
we have 200
points adilla that was very silly we and
now there is a vmer razor back in the
way I'm afraid adilla is screwed and has
really let the craft world down here all
those centuries of studying and
training this
Faria must be uh about 80
IQ she's a little bit slow on the uptake
infantry I do think prism was the the
way to go here this thing has been an
absolute
nightmare the en and I think adilla has
been kind of obsessing over it quite a
lot as
well I do question the necessity of it
bright Lance is in play and it doesn't
have
guide why did it not have guide the F SE
was literally stood there capping a
point just drop [__]
guide and once again it's going to sneak
out okay well for some reason it stopped
and turned around so it didn't sneak out
but there you have it so that's the time
field stopping them from getting any
kills on the retreating banshees but now
how you going to deal with this vmer you
struggled to kill a very immobile ranged
Walker I'm not sure how you're going to
kill the
B just going to melee
guys Bang
she's with us finally the gr blade you
shall have it but no Spirit
storms I can't believe it why would you
not get Spirit Stones if you've got
squads of melee with very high models
and very highes is under
attack I mean what has the ghost Helm
done in recent
times [__]
doesn't make any
sense nice little stasis from the Demon
Hunter and retreating back to his
Terminator buddies inferno's probably
off cool down now as well so these
banshees are going to be in a bad time
if they try and gank
him oh wow he got two of them with a
special attack there brutal I don't even
think they're going to finish the cap
holy [__] they're dead [__] me we are in
the I don't know what happened down
here but these guys are getting wrecked
as well D going for a tier three R FL
that's pretty
yikes he needed the fire prism it's as
simple as that I mean look you've got
time field so if the vorta rushes your
fire prism which is the main problem
with fire prisms they're kind of like
tank Hunters so if they get rushed by a
Mainline battle tank which the vur is
more similar to they will just lose the
1B one but if you have time field then
you just shut the vehicle down by
stopping its Rush by pinning it in place
and making it unable to shoot and then
it can't really get out either because
it's
snared so as soon as it tries to retreat
out you're just going to kill it with
your prism with it longrange
shots so it's not really that big of a
concern to be
honest and it would have dealt with that
dread knot a lot easier where you
wouldn't have been bleeding so
much yeah I don't know where the
terminator's gone okay they're coming
back over pyic from foress once again
trying to keep the Demon Hunter in play
to open up that whilst the melee was
snared pretty beautiful uh terminat do
need to go into Mele though I think
they're stuck in R st yeah and then he
stes out by the time the stasis ends
he'll probably up Inferno again for big
AOE damage and knock back I
mean yeah just dominating the stupid
stupid Elder
prism at last way're too late I don't
know what the DC Canon was all about
adilla that was a very strange play even
ignoring the fact that he just let it
die to the Demon Hunter running into
melee which was questionable I don't
know what it was trying to do the enemy
ising
a we've even got Crusaders for crying
out loud yikes just way too many units
for the AO malas now it's going to be
impossible for the elar to keep up map
control and the vind fair play to him
got level two in the end
nearly level
three so it was
relevant weird CH
though return fire return
fire they have set their vehicle on US
ah
prism of the
heavens shooting at Crusaders instead of
bers times man
haste weapons team engaged
in storm bolters make banshees cry CS
make banshees
die did we okay we've got the minaur and
priest on the Crusaders let's see how
they do with their battle frenzy against
the seers uh special attacks could be a
problem oh they're immune to knock back
while the uh fren's active [__] forgot
about that comat
we have
discouraging yeah
okay well adilla predictably did lose in
the end
just fallen behind on the Eco slowly
started using units one by one didn't
really get any good applications of Time
Field off
and no Spirit Stones heal so I can't
really what more more do I need to
say but yeah good to see the AO Malia
stomping xenos it's not their job but
you know if they need to do it they
can tell me down below in the comments
if you enjoy that one folks that's going
to be all from your boy topy this time I
am signing out
[Music]